Mention docker host network is required to use cast (#13246)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/cast.markdown

      type: list
{% endconfiguration %}

### Docker and Cast devices and Home Assistant on different subnets

> Cast devices can only be discovered and connected to if they are on the same subnet as Home Assistant. 
> When running Home Assistant in a [Docker container](/docs/installation/docker/), the comand line option `--net=host` or the compose file equivalent `network_mode: host` must be used to put it on the host's network, otherwise Home Assistant will not be able to connect to any Cast device.
> 
> Setups with cast devices on a different subnet than Home Assistant are not recommended and not supported.
> 
> If this is not possible, it's necessary to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cast devices can only be discovered and connected to if they are on the same subnet as Home Assistant.

When running Home Assistant Core in a [Docker container](/docs/installation/docker/), the command line option `--net=host` or the compose file equivalent `network_mode: host` must be used to put it on the host's network, otherwise the Home Assistant Core will not be able to connect to any Cast device.

Setups with cast devices on a different subnet than Home Assistant are not recommended and not supported.

If this is not possible, it's necessary to:
```
